---
title: Student Testimonials
category: Student Testimonials
order: 5
submenu-order: 0
inmenu: true
---

We expect a lot out of our students, and push them to be the best they can be. Upon completion of this course,
our goal is to have graduated outstanding students who are capable of joining any team and contributing
high quality work.

Below are quotes from students who have completed the course:

>"If you have been the type of student who has gotten away with the bare minimum, studying only enough to get you by, not taking pride in your work, never taught yourself anything outside of a CSC course, and/or gotten through the program with only passable C grades then YOU WILL STRUGGLE IN THIS COURSE. If any of this sounds familiar, you better shape up quickly because life is about to hit you hard. This course is not for those who lack initiative or a passion for the study of computer science. You need to know how to quickly teach yourself new technologies and apply it efficiently to survive. You will be intentionally asked to do things that no one has ever taught you with the intention of testing you on how well you can teach and apply yourself. Do not expect others to do your work for you. If you think you can focus mainly on documentation in order to save your grade, you will fail. Furthermore, if you write less code than the rest of your team, the professors will know and they will call you out on it. In short: Hit the ground running, be the good example for the class, and never settle for good enough."

>"You cannot prepare for this class unless you know your databases and whatever language they ask you to know. Learn your databases, this was the biggest issue.  Next, learn your tech stack and try not to do anything that hasn't been done before. Don't re-invent the wheel.  Plan to spend 50 hours a week on this class, and be told you aren't working smart enough over and over again. Don't say you'll get something done and not do it."

>"This class will test you to your best ability. It will push you to do better. You will learn a lot from this course and the amazing professors. Do not argue with the professors on who is right and wrong. It will just waste valuable time. Accept your fate that 99.9% of the time you will be wrong when arguing with the professors. The workload is Heavy. you will be spending 40 or more hours a week on this project. If you are taking 2 or more classes, you should rethink taking this class or dropping 1 class. You will stress out and have anxiety due to team members."

>"I'd like to tell them that the class actually does take 40+ hours a week of their time. When [previous students] talked about the hours they would spend each week, I didn't believe them. That was naive way of thinking and I'm sure other students will think the same way since they've never had a class like this. I would like to tell future students to start this project the night they get it. They should be committing code within the first week of their project assignment so that they have something to work off of when they get to the first prototype. I would also them that there's a high chance they'll hate this class, but it will still be the most useful class they will ever have taken as a computer science student and they'll appreciate everything they've gone through in the end."

>"Listen to the feedback from the professors. It will get you closer to your goal of delivering a good product. And, Please try to see the project from the perspective ALL stakeholders. At times, the client will interpret things differently than the team members and the team members will definitely interpret things differently from the team lead, etc."

>"It is likely that Wayne State's computer science program has done little to prepare you for this class. Knowing this going in will give you a big advantage because you will not go into this class thinking, “I am a senior, I already know everything.” You should assume you know nothing and use any bit of free time you have for furthering your knowledge on the technologies used in your project. Don’t listen to previous students who took the course who try to scare you, especially the ones who dropped or failed, by talking about how mean the professors are, or how you will be embarrassed in front of the class, etc. The fact of the matter is, there can be no flood if you don’t open the gates; if you work hard, do your best to know what you are talking about, and learn all the ins and outs of your project you will have an amazing, albeit stressful, time talking in this course. Some things I wished I had brushed up on before taking the class: Relational database design (ALL PROJECTS use a database, no getting around this one), writing requirements based on specifications, writing use cases from requirements (functional, non-functional, etc.), making sequence diagrams, making data flow diagrams, making class diagrams, making database diagrams, writing test cases, basic web page development (most projects have some kind of web page). This is the only class I took at Wayne where I felt like I learned practical knowledge that I can put on a resume; there are no tests, quizzes, or homework in this class, and everything you learn you will learn by doing so it will stick with you after the class is over. Just work hard, buy a lot of coffee, and try to have fun."
